Bought pretty much on impulse. Needed a basic laptop as the Acer Spin5 I use has a power connection glitch. This machine did come with Windows 11 installed, but I just finished going through all the updates (about 6 or so) to get to the latest version of Windows 11, and it runs ok. Also went through a dozen driver updates and everything works ok. I was concerned about 8 megs of RAM being enough for the software I use, and it's not, apparently, as that software runs but crashes after a while. Also, 256 GB of ssd storage is not enough. However, both those things are pretty easy to upgrade. Screen optical quality is very lackluster & I have been trying to tweak that in Windows with not much luck. I like the touch screen, track pad, keyboard feel. I like the power connector, seems sturdy and that's important to me, as I have regularly killed laptop power connections. All in all, a pretty good deal for $385 + tax.
Bought to replace a charger which occasionally didn’t connect through the lightening port and required the phone case to be removed. I have had this charger a few weeks now and it just works as it should. No phaffing about having to remove the case just simply place the phone on the charging mat and forget. I haven’t had the charger long enough to confirm how robust it will be but like all anker products the quality looks good
Worked for 4 weeks Then one morning it worked tried in afternoon did not work Not worked since
My charging port was being dodgy so I bought this to make sure my phone charges smoothly. The charger works amazingly. Only problem is it is slow charging which is why I use it to charge overnight.
Generally speaking I like ANKER products, they are well made and completely functional, but this charge pad falls just as little short. Firstly, the top surface is kind of "grippy" presumably to stop the device being charged moving, and that is good. But the surface shows every fingermark and dust particle so after a few uses it just looks a bit untidy. Second, the indicator light is not opposite the USB cable connector and is on the top surface not on the side, so is covered when in use. That might seem trivial, but I like symmetry, and every other wireless charger I have has the indicator light in the side and directly opposite the USB connector, so is visible when the device being charged is in position. Some chargers have an indicator light that changes colour when the device is fully charged which is great (such as the AGPTEC charger) but I don't think the ANKER does that. I know that I'm a bit "picky" - but that's just my opinion. The ANKER charger works as well as any other.
Excellent charger does exactly what it should, nice feel to it, nice design! Plugged it straight into my USB plug works a charm fast charging too. Happy customer, Thank you.
This charger is amazing altho I have noticed on the newer iPhones it heats up their battery quite hot so you need to be careful of this. I use with a fast charger and it’s excellent value for the money
The charging point on my iPhone became unpredictable so this charges it overnight just the job and nice and slim and not to big 
As working remotely became a long-term situation, I was looking for something I could easily charge my company phone with and grab it quickly to answer calls or texts--ideally at a reasonable price. Enter the Anker wireless charger. My work phone isn't MagSafe, so that's not an issue, but it does support wireless charging. It's not that using a cable to charge during the day is an issue, but it's more convenient to simply set it down and let a charger do its thing without needing to pull the charging cable out. It also can be a convenient way to charge my personal AirPods without plugging in a cable to that case. The charing pad itself is a little larger than I imagined it would be, but not problematically so. That may limit its usefulness for travel, but I have only intended to use it at home on the corner of a desk. Perhaps that's a plus for my use case, as it's pretty easy to "hit the bullseye" to get a device charging with a decent size circle.